Resolve receiver via context for reliable renewal operation in v2 of ASBS transport (#5808)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/azure-service-bus-netstandard/lock-renewal/sample.md

The sample contains a single executable project, `LockRenewal`, that sends a `LongProcessingMessage` message to itself, and the time taken to process that message exceeds the maximum lock duration on the endpoint's input queue.

### Configuration

Lock renewal is enabled by the `LockRenewalFeature`, which is configured to be enabled by default.

partial: walkthrough

The behavior processes every incoming message and uses [native message access](/transports/azure-service-bus/native-message-access.md) to get the message's lock token, which is required for lock renewal.

snippet: native-message-access

Obtain the message receiver to renew the lock:

snippet: get-connection-and-path

A background task is started that will renew the lock until the completion of message processing signals the cancellation token.

snippet: renewal-background-task

The behavior executes the rest of the pipeline and cancels the background task when execution is completed.

snippet: processing-and-cancellation

### Prefetching

> It is adviced to disable prefetching if the majority of message in the queue result in long processing durations. This reduced unnecessary lock expiration of prefetced messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable prefetching if the majority of messages in the queue result in long processing durations. Otherwise, the lock for prefetched messages could expire before processing even starts.
```

snippet: native-message-access

> The request to renew the lock must the message receiver must be obtained:

Reviewer: This doesn't make any sense. I'm not sure what you were trying to do here.

snippet: get-connection-and-path

> In the background an infinite loop is started that will renew the lock until the specified cancellation token is signaled as canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background task is started that will renew the lock until the completion of message processing signals the cancellation token.
```
